my guest tonight spent just over ten
years on the phenomenon known as the Big
Bang Theory she's with us to help
explain what the hell's going on in the
universe right now please say hello to
Kaley Cuoco
hello Kaley Jimmy how are you doing whoa
what is that you're wearing how are you
my nightshirt this is basically what
I've been living in for the past three
weeks see it says it must be five
o'clock somewhere right did you do did
you just wake up or why are you still
wearing a nightshirt well since we
haven't left the house in about three
weeks I've been collecting these shirts
i order them on amazon but the problem
is is amazon does not consider them a
necessity so they aren't sending them to
me as quickly as possible so I've been
living in this one what could be more
necessary than a comical nightshirt at
this point I mean really well exactly
exactly it hide for quarantine 15 that's
happened to me so Kaley how many animals
do you have you have like a whole
menagerie living in your house right we
have so many dogs right now and the
funny thing is you have caught us at a
moment where every single one of them is
asleep let me walk you through there we
got Norman right here Norman's relaxing
we got Ruby Ruby over here camera girl
yes come down here for this front row
seat up tank you've never heard snoring
like you have with this guy huh Wow
what do you think way how much is tank
way tank weighs probably 80 pounds there
is I tank okay then we got I'm telling
you this is the first time in three
weeks they have all been quiet
we've got dumpy pants right here
very very very vicious football right
over here because I've never seen them
like this ever I have never seen this
like you're witnessing right now they're
showman's they're show dogs is what it
is yeah I like that you you know my
daughter's five years old in every day
at her class they have a like a
show-and-tell kind of thing it's kind of
like this actually they all get on the
Internet
yeah and they show their things well a
little collectible item Oh
go and tell right now that would be
great we'd love to see what you collect
yeah yeah of course it's my into my
kitchen Jimmy okay great Oh have a
beautiful home good I swear to God that
it's like they are on drugs I have never
seen anything resting up for the Amazon
guy okay so my show-and-tell that I'm
going to share with you today
I collect coffee mugs oh okay yeah I'm
kind of obsessed with them I kind of
picked them up wherever I go you know on
my travels people give them to me as
gifts so I'm gonna show you my special
ones okay I would love to see your mugs
okay yes why did that sound dirty I
don't know okay well you do have a lot
of mugs there don't you I know with so
many favorites the quarantine this is my
[Laughter]
really how we felt over the past few
weeks I've used this was actually gifted
to me from one of the writers on Big
Bang so I'm not quite sure how to take
that as a gift but I do love
okay good mugs my precious Game of
Thrones giant mug that's that's is that
technically a mug and see if it should
be filled with grog or meat or something
like that for sure no this was
definitely filled with an insane amount
of alcohol during the finale I got this
me dearly and truly oh wait another my
Harry Potter mug right oh wow yeah you
really have like yeah like an old lady s
collection of mugs there don't you you
just moved in with your husband or after
how long were you married before you
moved in together so we've been married
for a year and a half and together for
almost four years and we now this
quarantine has forced us to actually
move in together it's been great for our
and we liked each other we realized
which is the best he's okay with all the
mugs he's okay with all the mugs you
know he's got his weird stuff too but it
was shooting yeah I was shooting in New
York and got sent back here obviously
because of everything that was going on
and we got to move into the house
together we moved it and I can't find
anything but the house is great I think
I would love it if I found at some point
you look don't worry what do you what
have you been doing like what do you do
all day Jimmy this is the thing usually
when I come on your show I have like
prepped stories and I am really ready I
kept thinking what am I gonna say
because you're looking at it this is all
we've been doing nothing a lot of you
know a lot of drinking mm-hmm and trying
to keep the dogs occupied you know we
don't have kids we just have 17,000
animals so always try to keep them you
know occupied and happy Kaleigh every
night we are I am making donation to a
charity of our guest
and we are encouraging others to donate
as well and you have picked an animal
related charity shocker yes Foundation
their wonderful organization they help
save so many dogs and a lot of spay and
neuter and they're absolutely wonderful
so that that's who I chose for tonight
and during this time of quarantine this
is a great time to foster animals yes
yes actually I'm gonna bring you back
over here so this is a great time to
foster animal that I've been really
promoting that on my social media and
with my friend so I thought I should you
know walk the walk as well not just keep
telling everyone to foster so I decided
we decided to foster a dog and of course
everyone was making fun of me they're
like okay Kaylee's gonna obviously keep
this dog right well I became a foster
fail myself so dump truck is joining our
family officially Oh congratulations
dump truck dump truck looks excited
about this don't trust we're learning
yeah young it looks like if you got the
right size mug I think you could fit
dump truck in that well Thank You Kelly
for Sean surround your your new home it
is beautiful and for showing us all your
animals and for and for taking care of
all these animals too again Kelly's
charity is stand up for Pitts foundation
right yeah that's right dogs thank you
very much it's great to see you